## The ReScience journal

If computer science offers a large set of tools for prototyping, writing,
running, testing, validating, sharing and reproducing results, computational
science still lags behind. In the best case, authors may provide the sources of
their research as a compressed archive and feel confident their research is
reproducible. But this is not exactly
true. [Buckheit & Donoho (1995)](http://statweb.stanford.edu/~wavelab/Wavelab_850/wavelab.pdf)
explained almost 20 years ago that, an article about computational result is
advertising, not scholarship.The actual scholarship is the full software
environment, code and data that produced the result. The computational part in
computational sciences implies the use of computers, operating systems, tools,
frameworks, libraries and data. This leads to such a large number of
combinations (taking into account the version for each components) that the
chances to have the exact same configuration as one of your colleague are
nearly zero. This draws consequences in our respective computational approaches
in order to make sure research can be actually and faithfully reproduced.

Re**Science** is a journal that target computational research and encourage the
explicit reproduction of already published research using a new and open-source
implementation in order to ensure the original research is actually
reproducible.To achieve such a goal, the whole editing chain is radically
different from any other traditional scientific journal and Re**Science** lives
mainly on [github](https://github.com/ReScience/ReScience/wiki) where each
implementation is made available together with the comments, explanations,
tests and documentation. Each submission takes the form of a pull request that
is publicly reviewed and tested in order to guarantee actual reproducibility.

[The Editorial Board](https://github.com/ReScience/ReScience/wiki/Board)
